gh-122392: Fix the wrong size of the Path Browser vertical spacing for IDLE (#122392) (#124975)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/IDLE/2024-10-04-15-34-34.gh-issue-122392.V8K3w2.rst

> Fixed the wrong vertical spacing of the Path Browser of IDLE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increase currently inadequate vertical spacing for the IDLE browsers (path, module, and stack) on high-resolution monitors.
```
